# SDL2 Modular Concurrent Graphical Toolkit

### Description

This project is a work in progress; it is an attempt to make a concurrent
graphical toolkit that is fully modular. In the file `src/modular.cpp`, an
example currently shows the use of two 'tasks', Frame (a window container with
a monotonic signal progression from 'start' to 'pass', 'error', and 'quit')
and Driver (which supplements monotonic tasks with loops and inserts delay via
callback). In the future, tasks will be categorized by concern
(model/view/control, etc.) and by dependence so that independent tasks can be
run concurrently. The plan is to use a hierarchy of timed mutexes with
contingencies for timeouts, simulating the 'thread pool' design pattern.

### Requirements

Strict requirements:
<ul>
	<li>SDL2 (Simple DirectMedia Layer, 2.0 or greater)
	<li>A compiler with support for C++11
</ul>
Extra requirements:
<ul>
	<li>Doxygen - for generating documentation from formatted comments
</ul>

The compiler used for development and testing is GCC 5.4.0 with POSIX threads
for x86_64-linux-gnu. Clang will almost certainly work as an alternative.
32-bit Linux, Mac OS, Windows, and other environments are not tested
whatsoever. Cross-platform development and testing is premature but
portability is certainly a goal even this early in development.

### Structure
|Directory|Purpose|
|:--|:--|
|release/|Release build destination|
|release/bin/|Release executable destination|
|release/lib/|Release shared object (shared .so and PIC .o) destination|
|release/dep/|Release dependency file (transient .Td and permanent .d) destination|
|release/obj/|Release object (non-PIC .o) destination|
|doc/|Documentation generated by Doxygen|
|doc/html/|Doxygen output (.html)|
|doc/latex/|Doxygen output (.tex,.pdf)|
|doc/man/man3/|Doxygen output (.3)|
|impl/|Header implementations (.tpp) which must be a part of headers|
|include/|Headers (.hpp)|
|src/|Sources (.cpp) of libraries and executables|

